the most competition in my musical life
in mark my musical career was shopping
competition and after my winning five
years ago I knew that the audience all
over the world expects expected and
still expect my shop man's
interpretations
of course to play different styles
different composers is also very
important for for me for the artists I
must say that before competition I
played a lot of different composers like
Schumann back the BC romanovski
and it helped me and sharpens
interpretations because for example the
BC music made me more sensitive for for
colors and shades
the turbine concerto number four it's my
favorite better than concerto for me
second movement is absolutely great and
there are a lot of different emotions a
lot of different aspects a lot of Utah
City also the first and the third
movement so I I'm always happy when I
can play this concerto because there are
a lot of joy also a lot of optimistic
characters I remember I wanted to play
this concerto quite early and I was very
happy that after my winning at shopping
competition I gave a lot of offers from
many orchestras symphony orchestras and
I played this concerto I feel that this
contractors very close to me to my
personality maybe to my feelings to my
understanding music
it's completely different consulter than
number five or number three different
character but it's a real battle van in
this concerto maybe there are a lot of
elements which are not so typical for
Beethoven's music like for example
pathetic Sonata or moonlight sonata it's
not true that in Beethoven music in
Mozart music we can we cannot use rubato
of course it's different to battle them
in romantic music and Chopin's music but
especially in light music by Beethoven
we must use rubato sometimes because
because it's a great great music a lot
of romantic aspects elements I think
that freedom in the interpretation is
very important freedom connected with
the tempo for example rubato but also
connected with the dynamic color mystic
aspects and
a lot of different elements